[alarm beeping]
[in German] What happened?
I'm not sure.
Possibly some kind of power surge.
An explosion?
I don't know. Perhaps.
First responders to Unter den Linden.
[Murnau] Yeah?
They're on their way.
Good.
[Clara] Mr. Diehl...
They could be dead?
Stefan.
What's going on?
Okay... hurry.
Thank you.
We're trying to get
the tracking system back online.
We should get Bailey-Brown back
to the safe house.
[Ada] We don't know what's happened yet.
Every second the convoy isn't moving.
it's vulnerable.
Keep trying to reach Nelson.
Do it.
[officer] Okay. got it. Copy that.
Back to the safe house.
[in English] What's going on?
We're being stood down.
The handover's off.
[John] What's he on about. "handover"?
We have orders to get Bailey-Brown
back to the safe house immediately.
Anyone could have seen us leave there.
It's compromised.
I don't call the shots.
Just sit tight.
They've lost contact with the train.
- And?
- German police suspect an explosion.
Jesus. What's the response over there?
Scrabbling a bit.
but MI5 are saying Bailey-Brown is
being returned to custody.
So clearly they think it's over.
[sighs] You tried. Daniel.
You're done.
Crisis averted?
No. not so much.
Reports of an explosion in Berlin.
We'll get you back to Belmarsh.
Looks like your mate John is gonna be
joining you there in a couple of weeks.
[door closes]
[bangs table. grunts]
♪ I hold my head up
Just enough to see the sky ♪
♪ And when we go
We won't go slow ♪
♪ We'll put up such a fight ♪
♪ And you will be one day
Exactly what you are ♪
♪ Just keep your head held high ♪
♪ Kiss your fist and touch the sky ♪
♪ Too late to keep the world from dying ♪
♪ One day ♪
♪ Whoo ♪
♪ We'll all be there ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah
Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
[music ends]
[high-pitched ringing]
[coughs]
[coughing]
[breathing heavily]
- [groans]
- [high-pitched ringing intensifies]
[panting]
- [high-pitched ringing continues]
- [grunts]
[coughs]
[Otto. on PA]
Passengers. please stay calm.
We believe the explosion...
- It's okay. It's gonna be okay.
- ...of the rear carriage was a warning.
There are bombs under every carriage.
but if you stay where you are
and don't try anything stupid.
we will get through this.
[Sam] For the last time. Jess...
The game's over. all right?
Plans have changed.
- You need to tell me what you know.
- [sighs]
Just say something!
[breathing heavily]
[grunts]
[grunts. breathing heavily]
[Sam] Come on. Jess.
All right. I can't do this by myself.
I need you to talk to me. [panting]
Are we still in danger?
[sighs]
- I don't know.
- No. I don't believe you.
That wasn't part of the plan.
Well. then call someone that's in charge.
[Jess scoffs]
[Sam stammers] That man.
The guy that I met. I don't know his name.
That's who recruited you?
You're working with him. right?
You must be able to get him on the phone.
No. no contact.
[Sam] Jess. the whole train was supposed
to blow up. but it hasn't.
Not yet.
You need to talk to him.
Let him know that you're still in control.
[sighs]
[line ringing]
[Jess sighs]
[phone buzzing]
Tell me something good.
Well. I'm alive for a start.
Oh. it's you.
You've lost control of the situation.
I haven't lost control of anything.
There was a problem.
and we've dealt with it.
Well. it doesn't look like it.
The convoy is being sent back.
So what's next?
[device beeping]
No. no. no. no. Don't do this.
We can still fix it.
Listen to me. we can still fix it!
Tell me how you're gonna to fix it.
Hmm?
How?
I just need a little more time.
Just give me...
The people we work for
do not tolerate failure.
You knew the risks.
This can't lead back to them.
Hey. It's you. isn't it?
- I met yesterday.
- [beeping continues]
[sighs]
What do you want?
I want the same as you. all right?
When we met yesterday in the Foxhole.
we had a fucking deal.
I've kept to my side of it.
The control room. they've given in
to every single one of my demands.
your demands.
No. not anymore. They're sending
Bailey-Brown back to the safe house.
As far as they're concerned.
this is all over.
Look. here's what we'll do.
I can get them to turn the convoy around.
All right? We can fix this.
[beeping continues]
[beeping stops]
[Lang] You've got five minutes.
or I will blow that train.
And there's gonna be nothing
you can do to stop it.
[breathes heavily. exhales]
What about... What about the other deal?
What about Marsha?
Like I said last night.
Marsha will be safe.
as long as we get what we want.
[disconnect tone]
Will it start?
Let me see. let's try.
[panting]
[engine starts]
[electronic voice speaks German]
[Otto laughs]
[in German]
This piece of shit is working! [laughing]
[exhales deeply]
[Rebecca. in English]
Sir. I need to get out of here.
[Lukas] Try to stay calm
and remember what the driver said.
[Colin] We'll be out of here soon.
Won't we?
Yeah. Sure.
Winter?
Sam. what happened?
Where is Bailey-Brown?
First. I want answers.
[Ada] On his way
to the handover at Bergmannstrasse.
That's a lie. Turn him around.
[in German] How could he know that?
[Sam. in English] Winter.
Get him to the handover
or this whole train will be gone.
He'll be there.
He better be.
[in German] Pull the first responders
from Unter den Linden.
and get the convoy on the road again.
[Murnau] Move out.
Copy.
- [horn honking]
- [officer. in English] Let's go!
[phone buzzing]
Yes?
He's good.
- So you're on the move?
- Yeah. Good work.
- We're close to finishing this.
- Yeah.
No more fuck-ups.
and you'll get your money.
Right.
Just get the train to the platform.
and we'll be there.
Now we can go.
[siren wailing]
[siren continues]
[tense music playing]
[in German] That man is a liar
and a murderer.
Ada. this is out of control.
He knows what the convoy is doing.
And we don't know where the train is.
I had no choice but to let him think
we'll give him what he wants.
But?
We intervene.
[in English] If this works out.
he gets what he wants.
no one has to die.
Except Freddie.
[sighs]
So why did you kill him?
Freddie had to die
because you guys fucked up.
He was trying to call the control center.
If the man I'm working for had found out.
he would have blown the entire train.
And he would have killed Marsha too.
That's how it works. isn't it?
It's a closed loop.
Leave no trace of who's behind this.
Apart from you.
Yeah.
Apart from me.
[Marsha] It's quite deep.
Seriously. you might need stitches.
It's probably best to go to A and E.
[Alasdair] No. I-I'm fine.
But just hang on to that for a second.
Yeah. there's an A and E
about an hour away.
Uh. I don't know why I'm telling you.
You're local.
[chuckles]
You probably know St. Francis.
[Alasdair] St. Francis. aye.
One night too many
in A and E there. [chuckles]
[all chuckle]
I'll... I'll patch you up.
Where you going?
Just to get the first aid kit.
[exhales deeply]
St. Francis?
[board creaks]
[door opens]
Back!
[suspenseful music playing]
Where is she?
[panting]
Shit.
[assailant] She can't be far.
[breathing heavily]
[chickens clucking]
[grunts]
- [stone clangs]
- [chickens squawking]
Shit.
- Get everything.
- Come on.
This way.
[music ends]
[passengers clamoring]
[Fran] She's got the fucking detonator.
Why's he in there with her?
[passengers clamoring]
[Fran] What's happening?
- Hey. I mean. what's happening?
- Guys.
Will everyone calm down
for a minute. please?
Relax. Just for one second.
One at a time. okay?
People could have died on that carriage.
But. no... nobody did.
- Fuck that. it's all her fault!
- Oi. I didn't want to fight.
Hey. Stop. stop. stop.
Hey. easy. easy. easy. easy.
She's not the enemy. okay?
It's bigger than that.
No one got hurt.
so let's just keep it that way.
All right? We all want the same thing.
we just want to stay alive.
You have to let us off the train.
It's not that simple.
But here's one thing I can tell you.
That the handover is going to happen.
And if we just stay calm
and work with the authorities.
we're gonna walk away from this.
All right? I can promise you that.
All right?
[in German]
GSG 9 will have a team in the tunnel.
They will warn us
once the train crosses these points.
There will be marksmen...
Here. here and here.
Nobody will be visible from the train?
We'll kill the lights in the station
and in the tunnel.
In a perfect world.
we get a clear shot at Nelson.
And it's over.
[sighs]
And in the world we live in?
Wolf and his team will storm the train.
You've made the right call.
Tell Wolf to get his guys in position.
- [speaks German]
- [sighs]
[German rap music playing]
[sighs]
Get all those booked into evidence.
Yes.
I hear you have something for me too...
From the bomb maker's flat.
- Merry Christmas.
- [chuckles]
Can you run a name for me?
Agata Robak.
Yeah. I think it's Polish.
I'll wait.
[lock beeps]
[Olivia. in English] Graham?
Thatcher. How did you get back here?
You don't have clearance.
Yeah. But I know someone who does.
Peter Faber. MI5.
We could use your help.
[Stefan. in German] Excuse me.
- [Mei. in English] Excuse me.
- [Stefan. in German] This lady is unwell.
[speaks indistinctly]
[in English]
Excuse us. my wife took a fall.
- [in German] Thank you.
- [Stefan. in English] Thank you.
[grunts]
[Stefan. in German] You look pale.
Are you sure you're okay?
[panting] Don't worry.
it's not like I broke anything.
[both chuckle]
[Petra breathing heavily]
No. please don't make a fuss.
Stefan. please. Sit with me.
Who'd have thought a ride
on the U-Bahn could be so exciting?
[Sam. in English]
Clara? I need to speak to Winter.
Okay. um...
Perhaps you can let us know
when you've passed...
signal 168.
[Sam] Uh. yeah. We can do that.
Just put Winter on.
[sighs]
[Ada] I'm here. Sam.
Winter. I wanna be clear
about a couple of things. okay.
when we get into Bergmannstrasse?
Go on.
First of all. if I see
any police anywhere.
anywhere at all.
we will not pull into the station.
All right.
And. uh. second.
John Bailey-Brown is the only person
to be on the platform.
If we can meet these two conditions.
I'll let the passengers off.
and Bailey-Brown can step onto the train.
[Ada] Very good.
We can agree to those terms.
[sighs]
How long have we got?
Uh. uh. two more stops.
Then Bergmannstrasse?
[Otto. in German]
Yes. yes. yes. yes. Bergmannstrasse.
[in English] It's the old end of the line.
Usually. we would go around it.
but they'll have switched the points now
to take us straight into the station.
How long before we pass that signal
that Clara was talking about? What was it?
168.
But it's a...
[chuckling] ...strange thing.
What?
We passed it already.
I mean. we passed it
before she even asked.
I don't think they know where we are.
I hear this is the best place
in the city to get kielbasa.
[scoffs] Who told you that?
I'm really bad with names.
You'd. uh...
recognize his face though.
Are you aware that you
have 12.697 unopened emails?
I have a system.
Okay. So this is the email
in which Nelson sent Thatcher
his dossier of evidence.
Hang on. This is classified information.
A-And all of this is from the same source?
Looks like it.
The metadata indicates
a single point of origin.
[Faber] And you definitely
can't tell me who sent it?
Well. I mean they've hidden
their tracks really well. [chuckles]
Uh. it's impossible to say without
gaining access to Nelson's computer.
[Faber sighs]
Wait. Sam's phone was in his hotel room
and his laptop was in his briefcase.
So the German police must have them.
[sighs] I'll make some calls.
There's no point denying it. Agata.
We...
[sighs] We found your gym membership card
in his apartment.
And do I look like
I go to the gym anymore?
Still. you must realize
what he's been doing?
He says it's better that I don't know.
For my safety.
We haven't even spoken since last Friday.
He said
I won't see him
for the next couple of weeks.
Where was he going?
No. Let me guess.
He didn't tell you?
[sighs]
[in German] Pull the passenger manifests
for all flights
leaving Berlin after 0900 today.
Starting with destinations
in Eastern Europe.
Yes. I'll hold.
[in English] I need Marko's name.
His real name.
Or it'll be a lot more than a few weeks
until you see him again.
[siren wailing]
[in German]
We're pulling into Bergmannstrasse now.
[sirens blaring]
[officer. in English] Come on. out.
[breathing heavily]
Transport are saying 20 minutes.
Not soon enough for somebody.
Good riddance.
[Zahra] In over 100 hours of interviews.
I've never seen him like this.
[Beck. in German]
The bomb maker's name is Jozef Kaminski.
Jozef with a Z.
You've got a match?
Excellent.
When did that flight leave for Warsaw?
Ah. so when is it leaving?
From Brandenburg?
Shit.
[indistinct chatter on radio]
[John. in English]
What is this place? Hey!
A bulletproof vest...
That's a bit over-the-top. isn't it?
Why do I need this? Hey?
What are you walking me into?
Shut up! It's for your own good.
Give me your hands.
[in German] Let's switch to secure comms.
[in English] Apparently.
Bergmannstrasse is crawling with GSG 9.
[chuckles]
Winter?
Yeah. I've changed my mind.
[Ada] What is it?
Passengers will not get off this train
until after I have Bailey-Brown.
- [softly] What the fuck are you doing?
- [mouthing] Wait. Wait.
[sighs]
[in German] You must be kidding!
[in English] Okay.
I thought so.
[Jess. softly] What?
Stop the train.
- Sam.
- [Sam] No. No. no. no.
- Just stop the train.
- [Otto] Stop it?
Stop it.
We're stopping.
[brakes squealing]
[in German] What's taking so long?
[sighs]
[Petra] Everything will be fine.
You'll be back
with your loved ones very soon.
[Jess. in English] You think
she's planning on assaulting the train?
She just agreed to terms
that no one in their right mind would
unless she were planning to lure us in.
She's got the police
laying in wait for us.
[Jess] What is the alternative?
We don't pull into the station.
he will blow this train.
[sighs] He will definitely blow this train
if there's an ambush
and if John Bailey-Brown
isn't handed to us.
But Bergmannstrasse is a dead end.
If there's an ambush and we pull in there...
[in German] We won't get out.
[in English] There's no escape.
Wait. didn't you say that
the control room can't see where we are?
It seems so.
I think the...
the explosion could have
damaged the electronics.
They're blind?
Yeah.
So if we can sidestep their trap.
we've got a chance.
[breathing shakily]
[car lock chimes]
[breathing heavily]
[trunk opens]
[gasps. whimpers]
[gasps]
[breathing shakily]
[assailant] Shit.
This is getting away from us.
Might be time to turn it up a notch.
So. um. however this plays out. we...
we won't be able to get back to you.
So as soon as I say.
you come pick us up at the points
and we divert past Bergmannstrasse.
Okay. I'll be there.
[indistinct chatter on radio]
[Wolf. in German]
Assault team moving to first position.
[Otto. in English]
What about the passengers?
In case that they... I don't know...
ask any stupid questions--
They won't even know we're gone.
All right? Just keep them calm.
[door closes]
[sighs]
[in German]
The train should be there by now.
Clara.
Call Sam.
[in English] Sam?
Are you there?
Sam?
[in German] Oh. man.
Please. no.
[Clara] Sam?
[Sam. in English] Yeah?
John Bailey-Brown is on the platform.
We are ready for the handover.
[Sam] Clara. stand by.
The station is about 300 meters
up that way. all right?
The points must be close.
[Clara] Sam. where are you?
[Sam] Just passing signal 168.
[Murnau. in German]
Wolf. the train's approaching you now.
Do you have a visual?
[Wolf] Negative.
[breathing heavily]
Going dark.
[in English] They'll be expecting us
at the train station any minute.
[alarm blaring]
[grunts]
Crank handle. Uh...
Okay.
Right there.
[Sam sighs]
[grunts]
[knocking on window]
Sam?
[in German] Man. shit.
- Sam?
- [knocking continues]
[in English] What is it?
[Mei] The old lady. [stammers]
I'm not sure what's wrong.
but she needs medical attention.
[passengers chattering]
I know first aid.
[Mei] Excuse me.
[door closes]
Watch out.
Why have we stopped?
Huh? What's going on?
[elevator bell dings]
Excuse me. I need to speak
to whoever's in charge. please.
[in German] It can't be long now.
We still don't know where they are.
[sighs]
[Murnau]
Wolf. do you have a visual on the train?
[Wolf] Negative.
[Murnau] Move up...
But be careful.
[Wolf] Understood.
[Wolf] Bravo team. Hold your position.
Can we get past? Please make way!
- [in English] Just there.
- Out of the way.
[in German] I have to get in here.
Yes.
What happened?
She fell...
[Leah. in English]
My husband's still on that train...
I need you to take it seriously!
Yeah. I know my baby's not on board.
That's what I'm trying to explain to you.
I went down there
and the hijacker gave me this.
[Ada] Gave you what?
Sorry.
[in German] There's nothing I can do.
What? What!
[crying]
I'm sorry.
[metal creaks]
[pants]
[Jess sighs]
[in English] All right. Otto. It's done.
Otto. come in.
Otto. come on. We're ready for you.
[Wolf. in German] I see something...
[Sam. in English] Otto. are you there?
[Wolf. in German] There's some activity.
No sign of the train though.
[Murnau]
Get down there and investigate.
[passenger. in English]
They said they'd keep us safe.
And now someone else is dead. Hmm?
I will tell them. That's all I can do.
[sighs]
You seem very keen
to do whatever they want.
[in German]
What do you want from me?
[in English]
I'm just trying to stay alive!
[breathes heavily]
Like all of you.
[Otto sniffles]
[in German] It's from the train?
Nelson gave it to the mother.
It's from the camera in the driver's cab.
[Clara]
They must want to show us something...
[Edward] But what?
[Ada] Can we speed it up?
[Sam. Jess speaking indistinctly]
[Wolf] There are people in the tunnel.
[Murnau] Off the train? Can you ID them?
[Wolf] Negative. Stand by.
One of them is Tango 1.
He's with an unidentified female.
Wolf has a visual on Nelson in the tunnel.
What? Nelson's in the tunnel?
[Sam. in English] What's he waiting for?
[Murnau. in German]
Wolf. can you see what they're doing?
[Wolf] Stand by. Moving closer.
[breathes heavily]
Okay.
- [Clara] Keep going!
- [Edward] I am. I am!
[Clara] What's that?
Is that the dead passenger?
[Murnau. Ada speaking German]
Who's that?
[gasps]
You need to see this!
[Murnau] Nelson has an accomplice.
Pause it right there.
Is that the woman in the tunnel?
[Murnau] The female may be hostile.
We need a full description.
[Wolf]
Average height. mid-30s. hard to see...
- Stand by...
- [rocks clattering]
[Sam. in English] Who's there?
[Wolf. in German] Shit.
[in English] Hands above your head! Now!
[in German] Wolf. what's going on?
[Sam. in English]
Don't! Or I will fucking kill her. Don't.
[Jess] Please. Don't shoot!
[Wolf. in German]
He's using her as a human shield.
He's taken her hostage.
Shit.
[Jess crying]
Otto. Otto. bring that fucking train.
Bring that train now.
[Murnau] Wolf. we need a clear ID!
[train honking]
[Wolf. in German] Ponytail... Parka jacket...
It's her!
The woman Nelson's holding hostage...
...that is her!
[Wolf] I need a decision. now!
If he has a shot. take it.
- But Sam is-
- Take the shot!
Permission granted.
[train honks]
[gunshot]
♪ I try to be a righteous man ♪
♪ Talk to the Lord most every day ♪
♪ Sometimes this world can do me wrong ♪
♪ I keep to the path
Won't go astray ♪
♪ When I start boiling over
My feelings catch a flame ♪
♪ I'd be a man. stay a man
But you wont be the same ♪
♪ If you ain't gonna do me right ♪
♪ I might just do you in ♪
♪ Ain't it a sin ♪
♪ I try to find the strength inside ♪
♪ To keep my soul from runnin' wild ♪
♪ I start boiling over
My feelings catch a flame ♪
♪ I'd be a man. stay a man... ♪